### Meeting summary:

Throughout the project the group kept in touch through group chats consistently. We set up zoom meetings consistently throughout the semester and aimed for at least one per week and tried to work around everyone’s availability as much as we could. Throughout each meeting we discussed what had been done, what needed to be done, and helped each other with any uncertainties as much as we could. Meetings were always at least an hour long with extra time being added depending on the issue a group member was working on.

### 1/20/2021

- Initial meeting where groups was formed.

- introductions and understanding what the requirements for the projects are

### 1/23/2021

- Review of the project proposal

- We discussed how we’re going to move forward with implementation of the back end

- We discussed what tools we could use to help development. (cordova, spring framework)

### 2/01/2021

- We discussed how to move forward with assignment 2.

- We talked about the functional requirements we need to make this project.

- Each of us were given 5 requirements to make an SRS diagram for.
- Recording: https://wayne-edu.zoom.us/rec/play/HK5MFGV3MYDteZOP7AzZNKGgWU-0gEUfcQw6sf1xBTsLqnHPaRuRLUs-_ZuSMu8Rt0mN1z_31UKuWmZ2.r7U-cC9wOYDilPuL?autoplay=true&startTime=1612228341000

### 2/07/2021

No meeting.

### 2/16/2021

- We met to talk about the upcoming presentation

- We found a source to pull the covid data which was from thenytimes covid data.

- We discussed putting the data into a database.

- Brainstormed potential features to add to the server.
- Recording: https://wayne-edu.zoom.us/rec/play/z7u1yeq6RV1QL-wD_C2JSGaWmrISaJpeV62DTgklOEAL1K72Q-cwp_kKdd2ngCZQcRcoX-IK0Sdqr6ed.1mqax5h4IaVu5_S3?autoplay=true&startTime=1613524670000

### 2/28/2021

No meeting.

### 3/10/2021

- We met to discuss progress, talk about the presentation and the next assignment.

- Discussed Assignment 4 and went over it

- Progress shown on storing data in database, with presentation on how to access the data through the mysql command line given.

- Discussed moving forward with next steps in the project.

- Recording: https://wayne-edu.zoom.us/rec/play/kW8adGuJDajUZRm0m36PUTCI_iX4Fb3N0tOB_99z34a0AeGA5xfwU7mRxctJFm61j9G4QDOGEg1msbof.7W3vV5YtM0iniVgC?startTime=1615424516000&_x_zm_rtaid=OzPjN7UoRxiotYEaAYW4KA.1618953110739.aa9d3f099b6e7c7669c3dd50aea2564f&_x_zm_rhtaid=160

### 4/4/2021

- We discussed twilio  implementation for the mobile messages

- Discussed implementation of cordova into the project and implementations towards front-end of the project

- Talked about building an apk for easy installation since we’re using android.

- Discussed planning to conduct our unit tests.
- Recording: https://wayne-edu.zoom.us/rec/play/FAbRY93BEmKOcwDhnclf8vGtZBboNdzaGIkJ-1-tUdrAb_XZok2g1h6ykRrzTyzDkEm745ABWxIWJHtg.MGfdkTG7m_JRjAzG?continueMode=true


### 4/7/21

- Implemented unit tests together.

- Discussed front end

### 4/18/21

- Went over the front end with implementation of server

- Discussed how we’re going to structure presentation of product

### 4/21/21

- Discussed how we’re going to present
 
- Finalizing code reviews
